shortly after the raid Rockets were
fired into Southern Israel from Gaza
Israel then carried out airstrikes on
the besieged Palestinian Enclave Al
jazeera's reports from Gaza
the Israeli airstrikes were on the
military sites belonging to Hamas in
different areas in the Gaza Strip there
is only military there was only material
damage in these military sites as they
were empty there used to be emptied once
there is any kind of escalation that is
predicted or any tension no casualties
or injuries were reported of course in
retaliation of the earth strikes and
while they were still going on barrages
of rockets were launched from because
this trip as well and uh and and and
that response in retaliation between the
Israeli Army and the Palestinian
factions in Gaza
stayed for a while in the early hours of
Wednesday today they were then a strong
International and Egyptian variations
taking place they seem to have been
success successful to restore the calm
back to the Gaza Strip we have not
witnessed any launching of Rockets or
air strikes in the past couple of hours
Hamas on on its side uh in with many
statements through many of its officials
abroad and ingaza said and confirmed
that this Israeli aggression is
unprecedented and it has it's a serious
shift as it has been called in the
Israeli aggression towards the mosque
and the worshipers they've called on the
Palestinian people to resist and to
fight back with all their tools this
Israeli aggression and crimes